Updating SlotFill documentation and examples (#15738)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/slotfills/plugin-block-settings-menu-item.md

# PluginBlockSettingsMenuItem

> This slot appears allows for adding a new item in to the More Options area. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This slot allows for adding a new item into the More Options area. 
```

This will either appear in the controls for each block or at the Top Toolbar depending on the users setting.

## Example

```js
const { registerPlugin } = wp.plugins;
const { PluginBlockSettingsMenuItem } = wp.editPost;

const PluginBlockSettingsMenuGroupTest = () => (
	<PluginBlockSettingsMenuItem

> 		allowedBlockNames='core/paragraph'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		allowedBlocks='core/paragraph'
```

This was wrong in the docs and was fixed by https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/14741

		icon='smiley'
		label='Menu item text'
		onClick={ () => { alert( 'clicked' )} } />
)

registerPlugin( 'block-settings-menu-group-test', { render: PluginBlockSettingsMenuGroupTest } );
```

> ## Location

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Location
```
